pages/cloud/getting-started/local.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Local Install

Run PC2 on your own computer. Choose your preferred method:

## Option 1: Desktop Launcher (Easiest)

Download the **ElastOS Desktop Launcher** for a visual interface:

| Platform | Download |
|----------|----------|
| **macOS** | [Download .dmg](https://github.com/Elacity/elastos-launcher/releases/latest) |
| **Windows** | [Download .exe](https://github.com/Elacity/elastos-launcher/releases/latest) (requires WSL2) |
| **Linux** | [Download .AppImage](https://github.com/Elacity/elastos-launcher/releases/latest) |

The launcher provides one-click Start/Stop, status monitoring, and log viewing.

<Callout type="info">
Windows users: Install WSL2 first (see Windows section below), then the launcher can manage PC2 for you.
</Callout>

---

## Option 2: Terminal Install

Open your terminal and paste this:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Elacity/pc2.net/main/scripts/start-local.sh | bash
```

Wait for it to finish, then open **http://localhost:4200** in your browser.

<Callout type="info">
Works on **macOS**, **Linux**, and **Windows** (via WSL2).
</Callout>

---

## Common Questions

### How do I stop my PC2 node?

```bash
pm2 stop pc2
```

### How do I start my PC2 node?

```bash
pm2 start pc2
```

### How do I restart my PC2 node?

```bash
pm2 restart pc2
```

### How do I check if PC2 is running?

```bash
pm2 status
```

You'll see a table. If PC2 shows "online", it's running.

### How do I see what's happening (logs)?

```bash
pm2 logs pc2
```

Press `Ctrl+C` to stop watching logs.

### How do I update PC2?

Open PC2 in your browser, go to **Settings → About**, and click **Check for Updates**.

Or via terminal:

```bash
cd ~/pc2.net
git pull origin main
npm install --legacy-peer-deps --ignore-scripts
cd pc2-node && npm run build
pm2 restart pc2
```

---

## Windows Users

PC2 runs on Windows via WSL2:

1. Open PowerShell as Administrator
2. Run: `wsl --install`
3. Restart your computer
4. Open "Ubuntu" from Start menu
5. Run the install command above

---

## Where is everything stored?

| What | Location |
|------|----------|
| PC2 installation | `~/pc2.net/` |
| Your files | `~/pc2.net/pc2-node/data/` |
| Configuration | `~/pc2.net/pc2-node/config/` |

---

## Troubleshooting

### "Command not found: pm2"

Run this first:

```bash
source ~/.nvm/nvm.sh
```

### PC2 won't start

Check if something else is using port 4200:

```bash
lsof -i :4200
```

If you see a process, kill it:

```bash
kill -9 <the PID number>
```

Then start PC2:

```bash
pm2 start pc2
```

---

## Uninstalling

```bash
pm2 stop pc2
pm2 delete pc2
rm -rf ~/pc2.net
```

<Callout type="warning">
This deletes all your uploaded files! Back up `~/pc2.net/pc2-node/data/` first if needed.
</Callout>

Commit message:

Add Mac installation instructions for Desktop Launcher
macOS users downloading the launcher see a security warning because the app
isn't signed with an Apple Developer certificate. Added clear one-time setup
instructions with the Terminal command to bypass Gatekeeper.

pages/cloud/getting-started/local.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Local Install

Run PC2 on your own computer. Choose your preferred method:

## Option 1: Desktop Launcher (Easiest)

Download the **ElastOS Desktop Launcher** for a visual interface:

| Platform | Download |
|----------|----------|
| **macOS** | [Download .dmg](https://github.com/Elacity/elastos-launcher/releases/latest) |
| **Windows** | [Download .exe](https://github.com/Elacity/elastos-launcher/releases/latest) (requires WSL2) |
| **Linux** | [Download .AppImage](https://github.com/Elacity/elastos-launcher/releases/latest) |

The launcher provides one-click Start/Stop, status monitoring, and log viewing.

<Callout type="info">
Windows users: Install WSL2 first (see Windows section below), then the launcher can manage PC2 for you.
</Callout>

### Mac Installation (One-Time Setup)

macOS shows a security warning for apps downloaded outside the App Store. Follow these steps once:

1. **Download** the `.dmg` file from the link above
2. **Double-click** the downloaded file to open the disk image
3. **Open Terminal** (press `Cmd + Space`, type "Terminal", press Enter)
4. **Copy and paste this command:**

```bash
cp -R "/Volumes/ElastOS 0.1.1-arm64/ElastOS.app" /Applications/ && xattr -cr /Applications/ElastOS.app && open /Applications/ElastOS.app
```

5. **Done!** The app will open. You only need to do this once.

<Callout type="info">
**Why is this needed?** The app isn't signed with an Apple Developer certificate yet. The command copies the app to your Applications folder and removes the macOS security quarantine. Future updates will include proper signing.
</Callout>

---

## Option 2: Terminal Install

Open your terminal and paste this:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Elacity/pc2.net/main/scripts/start-local.sh | bash
```

Wait for it to finish, then open **http://localhost:4200** in your browser.

<Callout type="info">
Works on **macOS**, **Linux**, and **Windows** (via WSL2).
</Callout>

---

## Common Questions

### How do I stop my PC2 node?

```bash
pm2 stop pc2
```

### How do I start my PC2 node?

```bash
pm2 start pc2
```

### How do I restart my PC2 node?

```bash
pm2 restart pc2
```

### How do I check if PC2 is running?

```bash
pm2 status
```

You'll see a table. If PC2 shows "online", it's running.

### How do I see what's happening (logs)?

```bash
pm2 logs pc2
```

Press `Ctrl+C` to stop watching logs.

### How do I update PC2?

Open PC2 in your browser, go to **Settings → About**, and click **Check for Updates**.

Or via terminal:

```bash
cd ~/pc2.net
git pull origin main
npm install --legacy-peer-deps --ignore-scripts
cd pc2-node && npm run build
pm2 restart pc2
```

---

## Windows Users

PC2 runs on Windows via WSL2:

1. Open PowerShell as Administrator
2. Run: `wsl --install`
3. Restart your computer
4. Open "Ubuntu" from Start menu
5. Run the install command above

---

## Where is everything stored?

| What | Location |
|------|----------|
| PC2 installation | `~/pc2.net/` |
| Your files | `~/pc2.net/pc2-node/data/` |
| Configuration | `~/pc2.net/pc2-node/config/` |

---

## Troubleshooting

### "Command not found: pm2"

Run this first:

```bash
source ~/.nvm/nvm.sh
```

### PC2 won't start

Check if something else is using port 4200:

```bash
lsof -i :4200
```

If you see a process, kill it:

```bash
kill -9 <the PID number>
```

Then start PC2:

```bash
pm2 start pc2
```

---

## Uninstalling

```bash
pm2 stop pc2
pm2 delete pc2
rm -rf ~/pc2.net
```

<Callout type="warning">
This deletes all your uploaded files! Back up `~/pc2.net/pc2-node/data/` first if needed.
</Callout>
